HEALTH

»
Hospitals
ASCs
Doctors
Senior Care
Diets & Nutrition
Medicare
Health & Wellness
Medical Review
Health Insights & Trends
Search
Nurse PractitionersHome
Funmilayo J. Whitaker
NP

Accepting New Patients

Nurse Practitioner

Save
Compare
Share
4.6 / 5

Patient Rating

13 Reviews

Patient Awards

Received 1

6 Colonial Lake Drive, Lawrence, NJ

Overview
Patient Awards
Patient Experience
Expertise
Location
Overview
Funmilayo J. Whitaker is a nurse practitioner in Lawrence, New Jersey. She has expertise in treating anxiety and depression, insomnia and sleep apnea, bipolar disorder, among other conditions - see all areas of expertise.
Specialties

SPECIALTY

Nurse Practitioner
A nurse practitioner has a graduate degree in advanced practice nursing and works in a variety of specialties, including cardiology, pediatrics, oncology, and more.

SUBSPECIALTIES

Adult Care
Family Care
Psychiatry
Patient Awards

Patients Recommend

Patient Experience

Updated September 27, 2026

13 total patient reviews received. The patient review summary is based on up to 20 recent reviews no older than 2021. The Overall Rating is calculated based on 13 reviews no older than 2021.
Overall Rating
Excellent
4.6 out of 5

5

11

4

1

1

1

Summary of Patient Reviews

Patients generally express high satisfaction with this provider's care. The provider is frequently praised for a compassionate and personable approach, which helps patients feel comfortable, heard, and respected. Many appreciate the provider's thoroughness, attentiveness, and clear explanations regarding their care. While one patient experienced challenges with communication, the overall feedback highlights the provider's helpfulness, knowledge, and reliability in delivering effective treatment.

U.S. News calculates an overall star rating and uses AI to summarize patient reviews of doctors based on ratings and reviews from across the internet and updates these periodically to incorporate more recent reviews as they become available. Read the full methodology.

Areas of Expertise for Funmilayo Whitaker

This practitioner provides the following types of care. The more often a provider has treated a particular condition or has performed a particular surgery, the more expertise they may have in treating patients with similar needs. Click here to learn more about our methodology.

Number of patients treated by this doctor compared to the state average

The chart shows how treatment volumes are distributed across the state (Low, Average, High, Very High). The doctor’s marker indicates their level compared to the state average.

This Doctor

State Average

Less Frequently

Average

High

Very High

Anxiety & depression
Anxiety and depression are conditions characterized by excessive worry, fear, or nervousness or causing persistent feelings of sadness, lack of interest, and changes in sleep and appetite.
Schizophrenia
Schizophrenia is a mental disorder that can affect thinking, emotions, and behavior, often causing difficulty in distinguishing between reality and imagination.
Bipolar disorder
Bipolar disorder is a mood disorder characterized by extreme mood swings between depressive lows and manic highs.
Nurse Practitioners Like Funmilayo Whitaker Near Me
Sponsored

Nancy Phillips NP

East Brunswick, NJ

Book Appointment

Chetna Tailor NP

(3/5)

Burlington, NJ

Yvonne Berrio NP

(4/5)

Hamilton Square, NJ

Shira Sheldon NP

(4/5)

Kendall Park, NJ

See more nearby providers »
Location & Contact Information
© OpenStreetMap contributors
+
−

Provider Address

6 Colonial Lake Drive, Lawrenceville, Lawrence, NJ, 08648

(609) 527-9438
Education & Experience
Medical School & Residency
University of North Florida
Np Doctorate
Provider NPI
1760719512
Frequently Asked Questions About Funmilayo J. Whitaker
Can I make an appointment online with Funmilayo J. Whitaker?
Yes, you can book an appointment with Funmilayo J. Whitaker online today. It's simple, secure, and free.
Does Funmilayo J. Whitaker offer telehealth?
Call Funmilayo J. Whitaker for more information on telehealth services.
What do patients say about Funmilayo J. Whitaker?
We’ve published patient experience ratings for Funmilayo J. Whitaker in 6 key categories based on 13 reviews. See ratings.
Funmilayo J. Whitaker accepts insurance
Check Funmilayo J. Whitaker's profile to see which insurance they accept.
Where is Funmilayo J. Whitaker's office located?
Funmilayo J. Whitaker's office is located at 6 Colonial Lake Drive, Lawrence, NJ. View the map.
What are Funmilayo J. Whitaker's areas of care?
A nurse practitioner has a graduate degree in advanced practice nursing and works in a variety of specialties, including cardiology, pediatrics, oncology, and more. See all conditions on Funmilayo J. Whitaker's profile.

Let us know if this information is out of date or incorrect.

Report a correction to this profile

Are you Funmilayo J. Whitaker?

Claim or edit this profile at
Living Well With

The Best Exercises to Lower Cholesterol

5 Types of Primary Care Doctors

Types of Doctors and Medical Specialists: Which One Should I See?

Doctor's Details

Speaks English

DISCLAIMER AND A NOTE ABOUT YOUR HEALTH »

YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
What Makes a Good Doctor?

Find out what qualities to look for in a doctor, along with things to consider to decide if you're with the right healthcare provider.

Paul WynnSept. 25, 2026

The 16 Most Painful Medical Conditions

Find out which medical conditions experts rank as the most painful. Learn how these conditions are treated and what you can do to manage your pain.

Christine ComizioJuly 21, 2026

How to Talk to Your Doctor

Master the art of medical communication. Learn exactly how to describe symptoms, what questions to ask and how to ensure your doctor takes your concerns seriously.

Payton BabbMay 20, 2026

Post-Hospital Home Health Care

Learn about what to expect and how to prepare for recovering at home safely and efficiently after hospitalization.

Elaine K. HowleyApril 29, 2026

Shoulder Replacement Surgery

Is shoulder pain disrupting your sleep? Learn the signs you may need shoulder replacement surgery (arthroplasty), from rotator cuff disease to severe arthritis. Our expert-backed guide covers types of surgery, Medicare coverage, costs and the recovery timeline.

Vanessa Caceres April 13, 2026

13 Common Health Superstitions Debunked

Are you falling for medical myths? Explore 13 common health superstitions – from cracking knuckles to peeing on jellyfish stings – and find out what science says about these folk remedies and magical thinking.

Gretel SchuellerMarch 27, 2026

Knee Replacement Guide

Recover faster after knee replacement. Get a detailed week-by-week timeline, pain management tips, exercises and expert advice on when you can walk and drive.

Christine ComizioMarch 6, 2026

Hospitals vs. Surgery Centers

Deciding between an ambulatory surgery center (ASC) and a hospital outpatient department (HOPD)? Learn the key differences in cost, safety and patient experience to choose the right setting for your procedure.

Shanley ChienMarch 2, 2026

Post-Acute Care: U.S. News 2026 Survey

U.S. News surveyed patients who had recently been discharged from the hospital and their families on how they chose from among a plethora of post-acute care options. Here are the results of that survey.

Annika UrbanMarch 2, 2026

Autoimmune Diseases That Can Be Fatal

Most people with an autoimmune disease can live a full, normal life. But some autoimmune diseases can affect your life expectancy without proper treatment and management.

Christine ComizioFeb. 11, 2026

Health »

HOSPITALS

Find a Hospital
Best Hospitals
Best Children's Hospitals
Advice for Hospital Patients
Advice for Health Professionals
See Rankings Methodology
For Hospitals: Update Profile

AMBULATORY SURGERY CENTERS

Find an ASC
How we evaluate ASCs

DOCTORS

Find a Doctor
Primary Care Physicians
Pediatricians
How to Choose a Doctor
Preparing for a Doctor Visit
Doctors Data and Methodology

DENTISTS

Find a Dentist
Orthodontists
How to Choose the Right Dentist

SENIOR LIVING

Find Memory Care Communities
Find Independent Living Communities
Find Continuing Care Retirement Communities
Find Assisted Living Communities
Senior Living Search
For Companies

NURSING HOMES

Find a Nursing Home

HOME HEALTH AGENCIES

Best Home Health Agencies
Find Home Health Agencies

HEALTH INSURANCE

Find Plans by State
Medicare Plans
Choosing a Health Plan

WELLNESS

Food
Fitness
Mind

DIETS

Top Diets Overall
Top Weight-Loss Diets
Top Diet Programs

CONDITIONS

Over the Counter Drugs
Breast Cancer
Lung Cancer
Depression
ADHD
Diabetes
Heart Disease

PRODUCT RANKINGS & REVIEWS

Clear Braces
About U.S. News
Editorial Guidelines
Contact
Press
Advertise
Newsletters
Jobs
Site Map
Store
Copyright 2026 © U.S. News & World Report L.P.
Terms & Conditions/Privacy Policy/U.S. State Privacy Notice/Your Privacy Choices 
0/5
Compare Now
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience, analyze performance and traffic on our website and provide personalized content and for marketing and advertising purposes. For more information on the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. To manage your cookie preferences, click on the "Manage Options" button.Privacy Policy
Manage Options